Where to start? How to define? The lines of art, that make up my mind.	
Perhaps a pillow of my perspective, for you to rest your head, 
hopefully it will comfort you, as you hear this melancholy and dread.
It spawned from the experiences I've collective and the things people have said.
Hope this improves your directive and helps you get out of bed.

The eyes, said to be the windows to the soul.
The ears, used to hear the voices we control.
The skin, lets us feel and binds us as whole.
The brain, perceives and combines it all.
While the mind denies and fails to conceive the fall,
the body fears the pain and hides behind the denial built wall.

Anger, denial, a stressful trial,
restrained and restricted, held hostage by my own affliction.
Overwhelmed and insecure,
without focus there is no cure.

For as long as I can remember I just wanted to die.
Pain overcomes my happiness, so why should I even try?
Empty words of wishing well,
without the will to act has created this hell.

But back to the beginning
and my longing to feel whole,
happiness quickly sinking
like darkness demands my soul.

I have no need to brag, so how do I begin? 
I feel like a used wash rag, full of holes and sin.
How did I become so tattered and worn, 
maybe cursed from the day I was born. 
Truly cursed from the words I've sworn. 
Pride overcome by idleness leaving my promises torn.
When a promise to myself becomes too tart, 
my mind thinks, was the promise rotten from the start?

Is this my life and can I end the despair?
Struggle through the strife, searching for those who care.
Words cut like a knife and feelings become unfair.
Like Grim with a scythe inside my happy lair.

Cuts so deep, but who am I?
A masochistic creep, who holds the pain inside?

This poem is called no loner a sheep,
it's about change and growth.
Life is hard from the things we try to keep,
light and dark, we live in both.

(No Longer a Sheep)
Without a strand of reason in my mind,
I followed the heard in one straight line.
Standing there my mind didn't grow,
while time was waiting for my patients to blow.

Then one day I found a friend at my side,
he helped me grow wings so that I could fly.
All was great in that short amount of time,
I had beautiful hope with a dream in my eyes.

But then the sky darkened and my dream had died,
along with my friend who took his own life.
Feelings of heartbreak that I tried to bind,
slowly bled through and corrupted my mind.
The beautiful hope that once lit my eyes, 
turned into depression with a million sighs.
The wings that helped me sore through the skies, 
fell quicker than the tears that I cried.

Yet I remained floating in this new darkened sky, 
with the single unanswered question; Why?
When I looked over my shoulder what did I find?
Nothing but the good memories that are keeping me high.

I have more poems made of sadness,
if you have the mentality to choose,
continue to hear or read my madness.
Hope, time and negativity be the only thing you lose.

sometimes when I'm found in distress
someone steps forward and inside I digress
I know people are just trying to help per se,
But (Please Just Stop Asking Me if I Am Okay)

Because;
My dreams have all been shattered, though the pieces still remain.
I find happiness when distracted or else I feel the pain.
I find myself frustrated when asked if I'm okay,
because my best friend killed himself
and my hope went up in flames.

Hopefully the flames will die out, before my hope depletes,
until that day my happiness remains, in the darkest place where it retreats.
My happiness fearing the heat of this flame,
hides within darkness, where idleness makes its claim.

(Rusty Emotions)
Pessimism starts to plague my mind, 
so I collect myself and find a rhyme. 
Like a sticky risen, idleness will bind, 
the hatred that builds and corrodes with time. 

Like salt on steel,
it starts the corrosion. 
Lying about how I feel,
the truth, lost from erosion.

Slow and steady wins the race.
But what is said if evil takes this pace?

Sometimes I feel like I should find a ditch,
a quiet, deep, dank, private place to end.
This next poem is tilted; "Selfish Inconsiderate Bitch",
inspired by my step mom and my frown over a friend;

"It will be Okay, you've got to try to work pass this."
These are okay things to say,
but when you tell me; "I need to live for myself"
You are just messing with my brain.
Every day I imagined dying in at least ten different ways,
then I move on to suicide for I live with an endless pain.
Selfish and inconsiderate, that's what I hear in your phrase, 
for without considering others, I'd put a bullet through my brain.

But oh to give while you want,
there is no need, there is no taunt.
Narcistic fool, why do you flaunt?
In the end will you own what you sought?

The way I understand it,
you cannot give yourself entirely.
Giving is not like digging a pit,
unless you have nothing, where's your sanity?

("Don't tell me how to live", that statement is hypocrisy because the words are telling someone what to do)
So be carful how you talk to another,
try not to tell them how to live.
I should know from my prideful brother
and step mom who tells me not to give.
A hypocritical statement, I know,
but without conversation, how do we grow?

(Darkest Iris)
Oh to this world and all of its fame, 
who am I but a simple man. 
Lost my dreams because I was lame, 
not enough courage to take a stand. 

Hurting inside like many others, 
my pain from a friend, closer than a brother. 

Watching friends and family decay, 
the future is where my happiness now lye. 
As I march forward and hide my dismay, 
one of my last friends fails to even try. 

From this dark wasteland only sadness will brew, 
yet I keep planting seeds trying to find out what is true. 
With the bad choices in my life the regret quickly grew, 
this leaves me feeling there's nothing I can do. 

A glimmer of hope a colorful sprout, 
is all I need to turn my life around. 
I keep planting seeds of hope with doubt, 
and as I search there's nothing to be found. 
But as life goes on we adapt and grow, 
melancholy holds me and my time slows. 
My eyes have now adjusted and I can see what I have sown. 
Right at my feet the darkest iris grows. 

What is this iris, but a flower of dark. 
A possible hope so I don't turn stark. 
Truly I'm blessed, the four leaf clover is my mark. 
Until my last breath, I'll press forward in this ark.
No real worry about what I'm meant to be,
for now I'm just a servant to the fight inside me.
()
Now here is my mantra,
born from my dreams within.
This battle is contra,
against my hateful sin;

(Dark Piercing Light)
Running through the wastelands that appeared before my eyes.
Seeking out a sanctuary and the perfect place to hide.
I tripped and fell into a home of all my friends combined.
I have finally found a place where my happiness can thrive.

But then the darkness rolled in, it quickly blackened the sky.
All my friends, we came together and shared a single sigh.
The time had come, we all prepared, some of us might just die.
We jumped into the murky abyss, where the evil surely hides.

Only to find the darkest of things that infect and corrupt our minds.
I watched my friends walk around almost as if they were blind.
Then I realized I could see from the darkness I've lived in my life,
I quickly helped them out of that hole and back into the light.

All my friends questioned me, "Are you sure that this is right?"
The darkness had only come for me so I knew it was my fight.
Before I returned into the abyss my friends all held me tight.
Each of them believes in me for I am The Dark Piercing Light.

With just one wish, I jumped into the abyss, hoping to make this right.
I saw my demon, composed of hatred, and all the bad feelings I fight.
As the battle started, my mind then hardened, this battle is darker than night.
But with friends in my mind, this demon soon finds that no darkness can extinguish my light.

()
I write to live or maybe I live to write, 
I have nothing to give, except my time and might.
The want to be inspired, 
The need to belong, 
The will that burns like fire, 
And the hope I wrote this on. 

Drink more water,
be sober and sane. 
Go for a walk, 
clear out your brain.

As I try to break free of the intrusive thoughts that idleness has made,
I confront thoughts inside me, the ones that leave my happiness slayed.

(No looking back)
Is it possible to move forward without stopping to look back?
Don't try to dwell on it, just test things as you go.
Rinse the rot and old off and find your destined track,
or find yourself rooted by Sloth and intrusive thoughts of what you lack.

(Newtons Law)
Every push creates a pull,
consciousness conceives and binds the soul,
negativity causes a lack of control,
want vs need; will I ever feel whole?
Trying to move forward but always pulled back
it's like I'm forever stuck in this push-pull trap.

(Beast of Blackhole)
If this emptiness continues to grow,
then it will turn into a vacuum that will suck out my soul.
But what do I need to even feel whole?
It's like I'm a beast who eats emotions and I will never be full.

(Shakespeare)
Like fuel to the fire or water to the stream,
my mind has little desire, except to sleep perchance to dream.
So I'll rest my head and wake in my dreams, becoming lucid from what I see.
Vivid images fall apart at the seems, all from what I lack in my reality.

(Downward)
To live a lie,
to achieve nothing and die.
To reach for a high, 
and fall from the sky.
Crashing down to the depths below,
while anger and fear hold me so.
But where's my levy? Where's my toll?
Forever lost while Hate has my soul.

(Ups and Downs)
Life is like a rollercoaster,
my mind is like a pearl in an oyster.
I'm burning like bread in a toaster,
while my mind refuses to bolster.
Anxiety to my mind is like a holster,
set me free before I become a coaster;

A coaster held down by a cup of dread.
I'd dump this cup out, but it's stuck in my head. 
Forever part of me, from the life I've led.
Just want to be free, but it's like I said.
I want to move forward, but this hate holds me down,
I need to forgive, before my mind lets me drown.

I can't run away, that would make me a coward. 
I can't fight to stay because I have no power.
I ask; "what would you do, if life has forsaken you?"

(Faithless Flight)
Feeling so helpless, flying without faith,
Overwhelmed yet restless, from the melancholy I bathe.
Frustrated with myself, lost in empathetic haze,
Seeking emotional heath, while setting this darkness ablaze.
I fly towards the undiscovered while a thought is racking my brain,
If life was truly perfect would we still need all the pain?

(Wearing Myself Out)
Over used and consciously worn,
I feel abused and rather torn.
Narcissistic pressure to always do better,
like a fissure, a crack in my endeavor.
A deep despair deficit; "How could I ever?"
Like fear of self resentment writes my every letter.

Need to push forward,
wanting to be happy.
feels like I'm cornered
and being treated crappy.

Could I please be more natural?
I feel like I’m in hell
Could I please live in the actual?
Or am I cursed from when I fell?

(The Ouroboros)
Stuck in a cycle of self hate,
unable to get my psychosis to prostrate.
My heart is getting heavy,
my lungs won't fill with air.
This toll must have a levy,
this cycle is too unfair.

Like a serpent eating its tail,
the cycle will never end.
Fear hitting me like hail,
I can only try to pretend.

But braking the cycle starts with a first step.
It's kind of scary at first cause you don't know the depth.
"When the first step is taken, there may be no turning back."
That thought has left me stranded, from the courage that I lack.

(What if I Killed Myself?)
When I think of fear, I wounder; Do I fear the pain of my future more than the pain I would create?
Or am I just a coward afraid of everything?
do the ones I love have the power and resolve to overcome the path I must desecrate? 
or will I become a malevolent thing?

()
I've managed to lived this long, all the while thinking life is wrong,
sloth and envy will sing my song, while a wrathful melody plays along.

truly life is rude, hope easy enough to subdue,
and no one cares it's just you; a pessimistic thought that cannot be true.

(self-immolation)
I might just set this world ablaze,
hope and empathy dragging me through this mud like dread,
set this body on fire, end it all in flames.
Or continue to drag on, until all my hope is dead.
the will, the want, the need to change,
yet forever lost from the shackles that bind my brain.

(Shackles and Chains)
At what point did I decide, 
not to live and shackle my pride?

Try to move forward, if I'm caught by my chains,
I'll smash them against my head.
Break them on my hard headed brains.
For I am truly stubborn,
still trying, knowing that I'll burn.
Still my will burns like fire and the light is where I must turn.

Fed by narcissistic denial, I dig deeper into my pit of regret,
like happiness is just a trial and I'm focused on past neglect.

(Cultivating my Feels)
Anxiety and fear, the emotional mounds I build. 
Like a powerful seer, standing atop myself who I just killed.
I flatten those hills, prepare them to be tilled.

I'll clear the new fields, of any parasitic views
Prideful wrath creates my shields, while sloth and time leave ugly hues.
colors of blue and gray, hatred I knew, and my dismay.

Now left with this heinous build,
like a cadaver torn apart and put back together. 
Torn up foundation like a excavator drilled,
fear and pride my companions on this endeavor.
Forward I go, in this world I'm not done.
Onward and show, the powerful light of the sun.

(Lost and Found)
Falling astray from the path that I trot,
find my way back to give life another shot.
Only to find this world rotting to its core,
with the greediest people always asking for more.

This malevolent world and its nefarious ways,
ignites me more than ever before.
While stress holds me in time with endless days,
as I see this world rotting to its core.

(Slimy bells/chimey Trees)
pressured to define what I love and hate,
success in my mind is to procreate.
intrusive thoughts kill my motivation and eat my time,
exclusive thoughts keeps me from the truth I try to climb.
Like a tree covered in slime,
I want to be free but then the bell chimes.
The bell an intrusive trait you see, 
like the anxiety that make me to procrastinate.
Thoughts like; "at this rate",
I better live in the moment before it is too late.

(Next Stop; Hell)
I find myself in a difficult rut,
I may need a swift kick in the butt.
my mind cycles around and I'm like what the fuck??
The path my mind takes is like a noose on a truck.
As the wheels start to turn and the truck drives away,
I reflect on what I've learned and the hell I'll have to pay.
For if I cannot let go, this noose will lead the way.
This truck is going straight to hell, unless I seize the day.

()
Oh to judge something as right or wrong, 
to live the dread day by day.
Forever fueling the plight that makes life so long, 
becoming stuck in a rut and withering away.

no point in going forward if the pain is just the same, 
no point in looking back if my own perspective is lame. 

When the mindset is fixed, there's no room to grow.
When the feelings are mixed, I'll try to feel the flow.
I'll move forward real slow, without fear being in control.

A small escape is all I need,
a moment to reflect and remember my creed.
When trapped in a cycle darkness wants to feed,
refuse and turn Idle, evils favorite seed.

Trauma curses, like lies instead of facts.
No way to nurse this, like chemicals we react.

()
Funny how it falls,
the pieces I put into play.
I build them up like walls,
or maybe I'm under an assumption haze,
for I have lost my want but I still have a will.
I have no need to flaunt, I just want to pay this bill.

Become free to love me.

But then it comes back the thoughts that I've had,
whether or not to fight and the things that make me sad.
The strong become weakened and grow stronger from this strife,
like tampered steel, hammered by The Curse of Life.

(Curse of Life)
With relationships comes pain, in the time they exist,
we can find ourselves happy and full of bliss.
But then death rolls in, it's the curse of life,
it turns happy to sad and starts a plight.

Quickly these feelings of happy and joy, 
become nothing more than a mind bending coin.
I put it through my mind just to go for a ride,
but at the end I still feel empty inside.
There's only one question asked a million times,
yet never answered, that question is why.

With ever life comes someone who cares,
their love pours down, why not ascend those stairs? 
With every life also comes death, 
it's the curse we all carry until our final breath.

There's only one way for your end to be chosen,
take it yourself, but then your loved ones are poisoned.
I thought it hurt from just the initial wound,
but the poison seeped in and with each heart beat it grew.

If only my mind could filter this shit,
this darkness, this hatred, this sadness within.

The only antidote seems to be time,
so I swallow these feelings more sour than lime.
Hope is the only thing keeping me alive,
hope for a future where my happiness can thrive.

(Onward With Hope)
Yet the box has been checked
and the ball starts to roll.
Where I end up next, heaven only knows.
Fear may not have me for I've paid my toll
and I can feel, with each breath,
the light inside me grows.

(Not for you)
A tuning point is what I need,
A point to focus so my mind is freed. 
This next part is not for you to read
rather the starting point of my hope filled seed.

The next part I made just for a girl,
she changed my life without even trying.
Truly I want to give her the world
she changed my thoughts; no more of dying.

(You Are My Sunshine)
Just like the sunrise brightens my view, 
With you in my life I feel lightened and anew.
These feelings struck me like lightning and the energy poured through,
So I wrote them down, with hopes of sharing it with you.
You and your child have filled me with hope,
But you and your child are just like the sun,
Because neither of you are mine and now I have to cope,
my possessive thoughts are now on the run.

(My Sunset)
Just as it rises the sun always sets,
Leaving me with fear of the darkest of depths
And what am I left with when you go away?
Longing, sobriety and hope for the new day.

Though the hope is twisted with hurt,
You have forever changed my perspective.
I can no longer find myself feeling like dirt,
For this fiery hope has made me active.
&
Hope was the only thing keeping me alive,
Hope for a future where my happiness can thrive.
Now I think I found that and more and I cannot lie,
Marilee you have changed my hate at its core and I feel like I can fly!

(Icarus)
Now I feel like Icarus chasing the sun,
I better slow my role or the fall will not be fun.
If I try too hard and it pushes you away,
I can only blame myself and path that I took.
I want you more than to just get myself laid,
For you are the light that forever changed my outlook.

Now I'm afraid to let go,
of the feelings that got me this high.
Fearing the fall and the all time low,
was I stuck in a delusional lie?
Stress will hold me, my time will slow,
as I start this fall from the sky.
Feels like death by my pride and ego,
yet I was happy to try.

()
Here is where I fell for I have procrastinated,
lost my powerful will as passion slowly deflated.

(Love Like a Bubble)
Infatuation, is that all this is?
Filling bubbles with lies and sin.
If the bubbles are made of love,
They say ignorance is bliss, 
But when you feel the love is one sided,
The point is hard to miss.

(Am I coveting this child?)
Filling myself with hopefully not lies,
my feelings needed to be disguised.
For the lust I saw inside her eyes, 
Yet the real father, he still tries.

A weak, jealous and possessive man,
but who am I, not to try bettering him.
As soon as he saw me, that guy ran,
but the girl wants the father, so I backed off on a whim.

So out of respect, I backed away.
Hoping the father would not want to stay.
but he grew stronger, much to my dismay,
now I feel like a devil for thinking this way.

(I Love You Nova)
Should I even bother, should I even try?
I am not the father, yet the baby gets me high.
Is it true and right or is it wrongfully so?
My mind is in a plight and my brain says “deal with it tomorrow”

So I step back, not to wither away,
perhaps it was out of respect,
for the man who decided to stay.

Yet I still want and have my needs
and my passion burns with a thousand degrees.
Perfectionism, my demons, my hopes, and my creed.
If you told me that's the devil, I wouldn't disagree.

I want her to be my muse
I need to feel loved
I will never make her feel abused
I hope that my path is guided from above.
I hold a grudge against myself, for the choices I made in the past.
I now stride forward in my own hell, for a chance at happiness that will last.

(tragic)
But it would be so wrong for me to take her away,
Especially since he stepped up, while I fell astray.
So now my mind hurts as I pass my day,
she's the reason I'm still on this earth and thinking in a new way.

(Battle Cry)
All my past and wasted time, 
I'll move ahead leave them behind.
Feelings that were once so sublime,
I won't let them blacken my mind.
My broken heart and empty soul,
are feelings that I have once felt before.
Inject the light and take control,
before my heart becomes too sore.

Now that my mind is clear, 
there's only one path for my life to steer.
Into the future with no fear,
because I still have my battle cheer.

When your heart's been through a blender, along with your hopes and dreams.
Add in the darkness, getting over it is easier than it seems.

(The Sky)
On cloudless a night, when I look up in the sky,
the stars are so bright, they just make me want to cry.
Seeing my life, and how I got this far.
I struggled through my strife, and now watch scabs turn into scars.
Is there any way to make this feel right, or will I forever be stuck in the wrong?
Will I ever find that epic sight, and finally feel like I belong?
Can I even win this fight, or should I just become a cog?
The cycle turns back into night, and I'm still stuck inside this fog.


Like a cloud covering the light I was seeking, 
the darkness of my past, the wrath I was reeking.

(But Alone)
Feels like I've been left here,
nothing but the sum of my fears.
My demons I still hear through the cheers,
the truth is the slowest sear.
It burns like hell but who am I?
It chimes like a bell the pain inside.

(When I'm in Pain I Create)
Pissed with my perspective and my inability to change,
Crying in my heart, bleeding in my brain.
Challenged with new directive and a new path for my rage,
Emotions turn into art and I still feel the pain.

(Baited to live)
living just to outlive my parents,
striding to sustain my happiness.
Hope is my bait, like a mule to carrots,
blindly dragged forward through my own wretchedness.

(Employ hope)
Oh to the demons that I employ,
is it better I live a lie?
Oh to the things that I use to enjoy,
now without my friends why should I even try?

If there is no point then end me today, 
or else I'll smoke a joint and maybe try to pray.
To the God within me or the cosmic chaos that I ride,
I just want to be free and find happiness in my mind.

But what will the future hold?
Suppressing my feelings won't ease my soul.
Still my heart feels like it won't stop growing cold
My emptiness inside needs something before it turns into a blackhole.
my feelings will be pulled in, whether they're good happy or sad,
Pride, wrath and envious sin, crushing me from what I once had.
Truly feels like a black hole, crushing my light and blackening my soul.

Maybe I just need to let go, 
if I'm one with emptiness, then will I feel whole?
The past forever behind me, the future something to behold.
The present is where I need to live, my mindfulness needs to be less cold.
()
Now I'm left with a new strife inside,
like old scars have been torn open.
When will this twisting pain subside?
Failing to face it with no way of coping.
Feels like the machine won't work anymore,
left here bleeding and weeping in my core.

Like a burnt out light that refuses to shine,
I will continue to fight, this consciousness is mine.
But within this plight, I'm just wishing to be fine,
nothing ever seems right, so I pray for a sign.
A coincidence in sight or a fabrication of the mind,
grasp it with all my might, before I loose my will inside.

But I need to focus, my path is ahead.
These thoughts can be like locust, eating the good inside my head.
For me to recover, I must accept and forgive. 
Maybe find a lover and a path that's worth it, to live.

(Truth/Pain/Effort)
I write these lines and use these words trying to define my hurt,
It piles in my mind and my brain really tries to determine my value and worth.
The fear therein lies as I fall from my highs and crash down to the earth.
The path that I stride to achieve that high is riddled with purpose and worth, 
However, preconceived notions, like happiness blinding potions, have absolutely devalued my search.
Though I found it in time, a happiness so sublime, it just needs a little cultivation and work.
Now the effort in my path like a painful cleansing bath has given my struggle worth.



